
Welcome to Techerra

The Journey Begins......

Techerra is an idea that technology may be built to support sustainable communities that coexist with the natural environment. 
It is not a search for a Utopian existence brought to us by the marvels of technology. 
It is a practical recognition of the harshness of our environment and the realization that human ingenuity is a powerful force to alleviate this harshness.

The harshness of our environment, is referring to the tendency of natural and societal forces to inflict great harm on communities and in turn societies. 
This may take the form of large natural disasters such as flood, fire and earthquake or the collateral damage inflicted upon us by poor governmental, corporate, and political policy. 
On another scale it can refer to the difficulty of turning a barren rocky soil into fertile ground or the negative impacts of petty crime. 
The commonality behind all these events is that the hardship endured by these events may be alleviated by human ingenuity.

Of course human ingenuity has been long at work, far before the idea of Techerra, in relieving the harshness of our environment. 
Modern society and the technology that shapes it is evidence of this fact. 
An acceptable argument could be made that technology can become a much greater source of hardship than benefit. 
However, Techerra looks forward to good ideas which people are creating to utilizing "Tech"  to solve the problems of their communities and society. 
It is often not our choice of the medium we are given only the way we choose to use it.

The ability of our communities to achieve sustainability will be determined by the balance of good and bad ideas. 
The accumulation of bad ideas leads society to poor results while a succession of good ideas can catapult society to sustainability. 
The journey of Techerra is to foster a community of problem solvers. 
This journey begins here and now because putting things off till tomorrow is generally a bad idea and the only way to get anywhere, is to start here.

To help support our journey please browse our web and check in every now and then for progress. 
The beginning takes time and patience is appreciated.
